So hot
And that's just the beginning.
Yes, the model of street sales like this
It's a start.
Advertising model
It is to recruit distributors across the country
Open distribution points across the country
In this way, we can put the cool gift box.
Sold all over the country
That kind of income
We can now make millions a day in this city
If it were the whole country, I can't even imagine it.
Say so
Our factory
Wouldn't it soon reach an output value of over 100 million?
Then we can also participate in the business exchange conference
Entering the top business circle in Jiangnan
It's just that the top of Jiangnan is not enough.
My goal is to go national
Out of Asia
Dominate the world
Building a business map of the global top stream
Me in a previous life
It has already set a value of tens of billions
Now live again
I will only build the business empire of Horizontal Cliff World
feeding feeding
I'm just imagining
Let's sell some snacks
I dare to think
Anyway, our next step is to expand the field
A large number of workers
Otherwise, once our distribution points bottom out
Our production capacity will definitely be seriously insufficient.
OK, got it.
Listen to you
Then you work first
I'm going back to take care of the little men
Honey, you just had surgery
Be sure to take good care of it
I see. Are you still mad at me?
Why aren't you angry?
Xiaorou and I have suffered for so many years
Wife I swear
If I want to gamble again
If you hit five thunder every day, you will be given the right to donate
Cut it out.
I believe you.
Take you, don't take you, don't take you
I don't accept you, I don't accept you
Take yours and take the double clutch.